What is difference between Angular js and Angular? ​

What is angular life cycle hooks? ​

Could you explain services in Angular? ​

What is the use of interface in Angular? ​

What is the difference between Annotation and Decoration in Angular? ​

What are the building blocks (component, Data Binding, DI, Directives, Metadata, Modules, Routing, Services, and Template etc) of Angular? ​

What is AOT compilation? ​

What is JIT compilation? ​

What is i18? ​

What is View Encapsulation?​

How many ways of view encapsulation in Angular? ​

What is RxJS? ​

What is NGRX? ​

What is TypeScript ? ​

What is module? ​

What is directive? ​

What is a template? ​

What is Data binding? ​

How we can achieve one way data binding in angular? ​

Should be use jquery in Angular? ​

What is the use of @Input and @Output in Angular?​

What is Meta data?​

What is Angular CLI?​

What is Workspace?​

What is Service? ​

What is dependency injection in angular?​

What is the use of async pipe?​

What is interpolation?​

What is Bootstrapping?​

What is change detection strategy?​

What is lazy loading? How we can implement it.​

How we can improve performance of angular application.​

What is an observable?​

How you can perform common error handing in angular?​

What http interceptor. Give an example where it can use.​

What is resolver? Give a scenario where it can use.​

How we can create library in angular.​

What is new in angular 9.​

What are the DOM and the BOM?​

​What are different types of filter in angular?​

What is the use of $destroy?​

What is Ivy?​

What are advantage (smaller bundle size, Faster Testing, Improved build error, improved internationalization, improved build time, improve css class and styling binding, enable AOT by default) of Ivy compiler & run time in angular 9?​

If a page load time is high , what would be the approach to optimize it?​

How we can create a reusable components to use in multiple projects in a workspace?​

What is the optimal way to send some information as a part of header for all http request?​

-------------
Angular JS
-------------

What is Angular JS?​

What are the key features (services, filters, directives, scope, controller etc) of angular js?​

What data binding or two-way data binding?​

What is digest cycle?​

What are performance improvement techniques in angular js?​

How would you specify that a scope variable should have one-time binding only?​

What is SPA?​

What is route provider?​

What is deep copy?​

​What is shallow copy?​

What is difference between prefix $ and $$?​

Where should we implement the DOM manipulation in AngularJS?​

How to make a function return promise in angular js?​

How many types of Data binding is there in angular js?​

What is the difference between ng-bind & ng-model directive?​

What is difference between ng-if & ng-hide?​

What is difference between ngRoute & ui-router?​

What is the difference between factory & services?​

How does interpolation, e.g. “{{ someModel }}”, works?​

What is dependency injection? ​

How can digest cycle time be decreased?​

What is promise?​

How we can execute some logic after getting response of asynchronous two or more api call.​